{
  "meeting_topic": "FOCIL Breakout #25, December 16, 2025",
  "meeting_start_time": "2025-12-16T13:55:19Z",
  "meeting_end_time": "2025-12-16T14:16:02Z",
  "summary_start_time": "2025-12-16T13:59:42Z",
  "summary_end_time": "2025-12-16T14:15:54Z",
  "summary_created_time": "2025-12-16T14:16:34Z",
  "summary_last_modified_time": "2025-12-16T15:51:40Z",
  "summary_overview": "The team gathered for a meeting to discuss Fossil's CFI for Heka, development updates, and schedule the next breakout call. Development topics included the headliner process timeline, rebase of execution spec, and testing of interrupt functionality between Red and Aragon, with discussions about potential data-availability issues. The team agreed to cancel the next meeting and reconvene on January 13th, while continuing discussions in the Discord channel, and concluded with holiday wishes.",
  "summary_details": [
    {
      "label": "Heka Development and Testing Updates",
      "summary": "The meeting focused on three main topics: Fossil's CFI for Heka, development updates, and scheduling the next breakout call. Jihoon announced that the headliner process for Heka would begin on January 8th and last for a month. Development updates included Jihoon's rebase of the execution spec from Osaka to Amsterdam, and Faheel reported on his testing of interrupt functionality between Red and Aragon using the Lodestar image. The team discussed potential data-availability issues and agreed that Faheel would share his Kurtosis config for further troubleshooting. The group also briefly touched on the need to schedule the next breakout call, considering potential vacations."
    },
    {
      "label": "Sidecar Project and Schedule Updates",
      "summary": "The team discussed Pelle's work on a sidecar project to collect sensor transaction data, which is currently in MVP phase using free RPC APIs. Jihoon encouraged Pelle to document his research direction for review by other researchers. The group decided to cancel the next breakout call scheduled for December 30th, aligning with the ACD schedule that resumes on January 5th."
    },
    {
      "label": "Heka EIP Collection Meeting Postponed",
      "summary": "The team discussed canceling the next meeting and agreed to reconvene on January 13th, as the current process of collecting EIPs for the Heka headliner is just beginning and will last for a month. Jihoon confirmed that discussions and sharing of information can continue in the Discord channel, and he remains available for direct communication. The conversation ended with holiday wishes and a reminder of the next meeting in four weeks."
    }
  ],
  "next_steps": [
    "Faheel: Recheck interop between Reth and Aragon using the new Lodestar image after rebase",
    "Faheel: Share Kurtosis config on GitHub or as a gist in the Discord channel",
    "Faheel: DM error messages or DA issues to Matthew when encountered",
    "Pelle: Write down research direction for sidecar work on sensor transactions for review",
    "Jihoon: Review Pelle's research document and ask other researchers to review it once available"
  ]
}