00:05:41	Sanggu Han:	sounds great
00:07:06	stokes:	https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/1930
00:07:54	Parithosh Jayanthi:	Kurtosis config with lighthouse working: https://discord.com/channels/595666850260713488/874767108809031740/1474012924380188703
00:08:09	Toni WahrstÃ¤tter:	Reacted to Kurtosis config with... with "ğŸ”¥"
00:08:10	Enrico Del Fante (tbenr):	Reacted to "Kurtosis config with..." with ğŸ”¥
00:08:12	James He:	Reacted to "Kurtosis config with..." with ğŸ”¥
00:08:15	Sanggu Han:	Reacted to "Kurtosis config with..." with ğŸ”¥
00:08:19	Mario Vega:	Reacted to "Kurtosis config with..." with ğŸ”¥
00:08:28	Agnish Ghosh:	Reacted to "Kurtosis config with..." with ğŸ”¥
00:09:45	kingy_sigp:	lighthouse obviously has a lighthouse only devnet going - bit hacky but ready in a week or two
00:09:57	Stefan Bratanov:	Teku should be ready for next week initial try for devnet
00:10:01	James He:	Still have a few more prs to merge to develop / open for review but moving forward on it
00:10:04	Satyajit:	Reacted to "Kurtosis config wi..." with ğŸ”¥
00:10:19	kingy_sigp:	Reacted to "Teku should be ready..." with ğŸ‘
00:10:30	kingy_sigp:	Reacted to "Still have a few mor..." with ğŸ‘
00:12:02	Trent:	Was there a decision made on variable PTC deadlines?
00:12:11	Justin Traglia:	Replying to "Was there a decision..."

No, the PR has not been merged yet.
00:12:23	Justin Traglia:	Replying to "Was there a decision..."

https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/pull/4843
00:13:00	Trent:	Replying to "Was there a decision..."

Not that it should be in the devnet. But curious whether people are leaning one way or another
00:14:04	Francesco:	I donâ€™t think itâ€™s super helpful to discuss here, but would help for more people to take a look and express opinions on how they think it *should* work
00:14:18	Justin Traglia:	Reacted to "I donâ€™t think itâ€™s s..." with ğŸ‘
00:14:22	Jihoon:	Reacted to "I donâ€™t think itâ€™s s..." with ğŸ‘
00:14:36	Toni WahrstÃ¤tter:	Replying to "Was there a decision..." 

 It's not super trivial because big blocks can still cause a lot of (excution) work
00:14:44	stokes:	https://ethereum-magicians.org/tag/hegota
00:15:31	Justin Florentine (Besu):	did CL teams publish position papers?
00:15:50	kingy_sigp:	we've previously stated our case - pro focil
00:16:07	Enrico Del Fante (tbenr):	We confirm our FOCIL support!
00:16:19	nflaig:	Lodestar team is pro focil
00:16:20	Agnish Ghosh:	as per discussions with the nimbus team - we'd like to prioritise FOCIL over 2d peerdas
00:16:21	Ansgar Dietrichs:	FOCIL headliner selection party, everyone get in
00:16:30	kingy_sigp:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:16:34	g1:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner se..." with ğŸ‰
00:16:35	Parithosh Jayanthi:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:16:35	nixo:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:16:36	soispoke:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:16:36	Leo (MigaLabs):	Reacted to FOCIL headliner sele... with "ğŸ˜‚"
00:16:36	nixo:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ‰
00:16:37	Katya:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ¥³
00:16:39	felix (eest):	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner se..." with ğŸ‰
00:16:39	Jihoon:	FYI, this is a PR that rebases FOCIL onto Gloas: https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/pull/4931
00:16:40	Justin Florentine (Besu):	ascii art needs to be dinosaurs
00:16:41	kingy_sigp:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ‰
00:16:41	Enrico Del Fante (tbenr):	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ‰
00:16:41	Ladislaus:	Hat auf "FOCIL headliner sele..." mit ğŸ‰ reagiert
00:16:42	felix (eest):	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner se..." with ğŸ¥³
00:16:42	Daniel Knopik:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner se..." with ğŸ‰
00:16:43	Daniel Knopik:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner se..." with ğŸ¥³
00:16:44	kingy_sigp:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ¥³
00:16:45	soispoke:	Replying to "ascii art needs to b..."

yes
00:16:47	Justin Traglia:	Reacted to "FYI, this is a PR th..." with ğŸ”¥
00:16:50	Mehdi Aouadi:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:16:50	nflaig:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:16:51	soispoke:	Reacted to "FYI, this is a PR th..." with ğŸ”¥
00:16:51	Ansgar Dietrichs:	Replying to "FOCIL headliner sele..."

most blatant emoji farming yet
00:16:51	Ahmad Wilson:	Reacted to Kurtosis config with... with "ğŸ”¥"
00:16:52	Satyajit:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:16:53	Mehdi Aouadi:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ¥³
00:16:54	Leo (MigaLabs):	Reacted to FOCIL headliner sele... with "ğŸ‰"
00:16:54	Mehdi Aouadi:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ‰
00:16:55	nflaig:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ‰
00:16:57	kingy_sigp:	Replying to "ascii art needs to b..."

it's so perfect it writes itself
00:16:57	Will Corcoran:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ”¥
00:16:58	nixo:	Reacted to "most blatant emoji f..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:16:59	Ben Edgington:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ¥³
00:16:59	Leo (MigaLabs):	Reacted to ascii art needs to b... with "ğŸ˜‚"
00:16:59	IvÃ¡n | Lambda:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ‰
00:17:00	nixo:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ¥³
00:17:03	Jihoon:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ”¥
00:17:05	Daniel Knopik:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to..." with ğŸ”¥
00:17:09	kingy_sigp:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ”¥
00:17:10	felix (eest):	Reacted to "FYI, this is a PR ..." with ğŸ”¥
00:17:11	Mehdi Aouadi:	Reacted to "FYI, this is a PR th..." with ğŸ”¥
00:17:13	Justin Traglia:	Sweet. And weâ€™ll rename eip7805 -> heze after this gets merged.
00:17:25	Matthew Keil:	Reacted to "FOCIL headliner sele..." with ğŸ‰
00:17:32	Jihoon:	Reacted to "Sweet. And weâ€™ll ren..." with ğŸ”¥
00:17:33	Mehdi Aouadi:	Reacted to "Sweet. And weâ€™ll ren..." with ğŸ”¥
00:17:36	Jihoon:	Replying to "FYI, this is a PR th..."

Sounds like a plan
00:17:37	Mario Vega:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:17:49	soispoke:	Reacted to "Sweet. And weâ€™ll ren..." with ğŸ”¥
00:17:50	Justin Florentine (Besu):	Replying to "ascii art needs to b..."

i feel like a besusaurus is basically a brontosaurus?
00:17:54	Mehdi Aouadi:	Replying to "FYI, this is a PR th..."

Finally ğŸ¥²
00:17:54	Ahmad Wilson:	Reacted to FOCIL headliner sele... with "ğŸ˜‚"
00:18:01	Justin Florentine (Besu):	Replying to "ascii art needs to b..."

this is a loosely held opinion
00:18:04	Ahmad Wilson:	Reacted to ascii art needs to b... with "ğŸ”¥"
00:18:08	Ahmad Wilson:	Reacted to FYI, this is a PR th... with "ğŸ”¥"
00:18:10	Jihoon:	Reacted to "Finally ğŸ¥²" with ğŸ¤
00:18:11	Justin Traglia:	Reacted to "Finally ğŸ¥²" with ğŸ˜
00:18:17	Parithosh Jayanthi:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:18:25	Parithosh Jayanthi:	Reacted to "most blatant emoji f..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:18:26	nflaig:	Reacted to "FYI, this is a PR th..." with ğŸ”¥
00:18:47	Ansgar Dietrichs:	maybe someone can reach out to John Adler to ask if he wants to relaunch his original L2 as FOCIL Fuel
00:18:49	nixo:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ”¥
00:19:00	Sanggu Han:	Reacted to "FYI, this is a PR th..." with ğŸ”¥
00:19:06	Kalo | Obol:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ”¥
00:19:09	Justin Florentine (Besu):	DINOSAURS
00:19:12	nixo:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ¦•
00:19:16	Enrico Del Fante (tbenr):	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ™ƒ
00:19:20	nixo:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ¦–
00:19:26	soispoke:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ¦–
00:19:26	James He:	For prysm too we discussed internally we donâ€™t have an official statement but we also leaned towards FOCIL
00:19:26	soispoke:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ¦•
00:19:27	soispoke:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ˜‚
00:19:28	soispoke:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ”¥
00:19:30	Ansgar Dietrichs:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with â¤ï¸
00:19:38	nixo:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ¦–
00:19:39	Lumi | Offchain Labs:	Reacted to "For prysm too we dis..." with ğŸ’™
00:19:40	nixo:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ¦•
00:19:47	Satyajit:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ¦•
00:19:49	Ansgar Dietrichs:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ¦–
00:19:51	Ansgar Dietrichs:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ¦•
00:19:52	nixo:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ™ƒ
00:19:53	nixo:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with â¤ï¸
00:19:57	Kalo | Obol:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ¦•
00:19:58	Katya:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ¦•
00:19:58	Kalo | Obol:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ¦–
00:20:02	Parithosh Jayanthi:	Reacted to "DINOSAURS" with ğŸ™ƒ
00:20:08	Katya:	Reacted to "For prysm too we dis..." with ğŸ’™
00:20:09	nixo:	max efficiency
00:20:09	nflaig:	Reacted to "ascii art needs to b..." with ğŸ”¥
00:20:13	soispoke:	Reacted to "max efficiency" with ğŸ‘
00:20:13	Justin Traglia:	Reacted to "max efficiency" with ğŸ”¥
00:20:14	Sanggu Han:	Reacted to "max efficiency" with ğŸ‰
00:20:15	dionysuz.eth:	Reacted to "max efficiency" with ğŸ”¥
00:20:15	Justin Traglia:	Bye everyone!
00:20:15	Katya:	Reacted to "max efficiency" with ğŸ”¥
00:20:15	Trent:	Reacted to "max efficiency" with ğŸ‘
00:20:17	Ladislaus:	Hat auf "max efficiency" mit ğŸ‘ reagiert
00:20:23	Marius van der Wijden:	Non headliner proposals?
00:20:29	Parithosh Jayanthi:	Reacted to "Non headliner propos..." with ğŸ«¥
00:20:44	Ansgar Dietrichs:	Replying to "Non headliner propos..."

where we are going we donâ€™t need non headliner proposals
