{
    "executive_summary": "The call primarily focused on post-Holesky observations, readiness for the upcoming BPO-1 activation, and coordination around new devnets. Holesky was confirmed to have forked successfully but revealed participation and disk-space issues requiring maintenance. Teams discussed the sunset of Holesky at the end of the month. Preparations for BPO-1 were nearly complete, with client releases out and monitoring active. In parallel, testing updates centered on 60M gas limit experiments and state test progress. Glamsterdam-related discussions emphasized coordination for BAL and ePBS devnet-0, including ensuring branches exist in main repos and updating tools like blob spammers. The overall tone was confident and collaborative, with continued emphasis on operational readiness and test coordination.",
    "agenda": [
      {
        "section": "Fusaka",
        "items": [
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:12:34",
            "title": "Holesky fork outcome and BPO-1 countdown",
            "summary": "Participants noted the successful Holesky fork and upcoming BPO-1 activation within roughly 12 hours. Client releases were confirmed, and readiness checks were ongoing. Minor stability and disk issues were mentioned but no major blocking incidents.",
            "decision": null,
            "action_items": []
          },
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:19:25",
            "title": "Relay/builder status and Holesky maintenance",
            "summary": "Teams reported missing relay/builder functionality on Holesky while confirming expected coverage on Sepolia and Hoodi. Some nodes experienced disk exhaustion, prompting plans for maintenance before the networkâ€™s end-of-life at month end.",
            "decision": "Holesky will reach end-of-life at the end of the month.",
            "action_items": [
              { "what": "Perform node maintenance to recover from disk exhaustion", "who": "Client and Infra teams", "timestamp": "00:21:24" }
            ]
          },
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:22:34",
            "title": "Blob spammer update for new blob limits",
            "summary": "Testing teams discussed updating the blob spammer tool to align with new blob limit parameters in upcoming forks. Confirmation was given that the modification will be implemented.",
            "decision": null,
            "action_items": [
              { "what": "Modify blob spammer to use new blob limits", "who": "Testing Team", "timestamp": "00:23:05" }
            ]
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "section": "Gas limit testing update",
        "items": [
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:08:55",
            "title": "Devnet-3 non-finality test duration",
            "summary": "Discussion clarified the non-finality period tested on devnet-3 was approximately two days, not three. This helped set parameters for continued gas limit and state testing efforts.",
            "decision": null,
            "action_items": []
          },
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:26:34",
            "title": "Execution API proposal reference",
            "summary": "Reference shared to an Execution API pull request, suggesting incremental alignment with upcoming fork behavior. No direct decisions were made but it was noted as part of gas limit and testing context.",
            "decision": null,
            "action_items": []
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "section": "Glamsterdam Testing Updates",
        "items": [
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:28:21",
            "title": "BAL devnet-0 coordination",
            "summary": "Links were shared for BAL devnet-0 dashboards and notes. Teams discussed simplifying branch discovery by publishing BAL-related branches directly under main repositories.",
            "decision": null,
            "action_items": [
              { "what": "Publish BAL devnet-0 branches in main client repositories", "who": "Client teams", "timestamp": "00:29:29" }
            ]
          },
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:30:56",
            "title": "ePBS devnet-0 setup",
            "summary": "Teams confirmed ePBS devnet-0 initialization and discussed alignment on branch organization. A link to ePBS devnet-0 documentation was shared along with the ePBS breakout agenda for follow-up.",
            "decision": null,
            "action_items": [
              { "what": "Apply same main-branch rule for ePBS devnet-0", "who": "Client teams", "timestamp": "00:30:56" }
            ]
          },
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:33:18",
            "title": "Beta release and upcoming spec updates",
            "summary": "The beta0 tag for devnet-0 was confirmed. Participants briefly discussed potential additional spec updates following an upcoming payments decision.",
            "decision": null,
            "action_items": []
          },
          {
            "start_timestamp": "00:37:13",
            "title": "Relay fallback behavior and consistency check",
            "summary": "Discussion covered relay behavior in block signing and fallback logic. Consensus was that all clients should review and align on common implementation to maintain consistency.",
            "decision": null,
            "action_items": [
              { "what": "Check all client implementations for relay fallback behavior consistency", "who": "Client teams", "timestamp": "00:38:10" }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
