{
  "meeting": "FOCIL #020 - 2025-09-23",
  "highlights": {
    "client_implementation_progress": [
      {
        "timestamp": "00:14:36",
        "highlight": "Lighthouse passing zero inclusion lists; identified slot N vs N-1 cache bug"
      },
      {
        "timestamp": "00:16:00",
        "highlight": "Block proposal failures in Geth/Reth due to missing inclusion list transactions"
      },
      {
        "timestamp": "00:17:30",
        "highlight": "Lodestar zero inclusion lists likely caused by 6s slot time vs 9s deadline"
      },
      {
        "timestamp": "00:22:02",
        "highlight": "Lodestar rebased between Fulu and Gloas; metrics implementation active"
      }
    ],
    "testing_progress": [
      {
        "timestamp": "00:06:50",
        "highlight": "New metrics implemented in Lodestar; PR updated with feedback"
      },
      {
        "timestamp": "00:13:27",
        "highlight": "Geth-Reth interop testing underway; code cleanup in progress"
      },
      {
        "timestamp": "00:20:10",
        "highlight": "Interop testing planned between Lodestar, Lighthouse, Geth, and Reth"
      }
    ],
    "specification_and_testing": [
      {
        "timestamp": "00:07:04",
        "highlight": "Request for simulation of failing/equivocating inclusion lists for testing"
      },
      {
        "timestamp": "00:12:30",
        "highlight": "Spec tests targeting completion this week; PR to Consensus repo pending"
      }
    ],
    "organizational": [
      {
        "timestamp": "00:24:20",
        "highlight": "Bi-weekly meeting cadence maintained; monthly deemed too infrequent"
      },
      {
        "timestamp": "00:25:11",
        "highlight": "FOCIL proposed for native rollups to constrain centralized sequencers"
      }
    ]
  },
  "action_items": [
    {
      "timestamp": "00:08:34",
      "action": "Implement CLI flags for invalid/equivocating inclusion lists testing",
      "owner": "Client teams (post-Glamsterdam CFI)"
    },
    {
      "timestamp": "00:26:53",
      "action": "Invite Luca to present FOCIL for native rollups next breakout",
      "owner": "Jihoon"
    },
    {
      "timestamp": "00:22:30",
      "action": "Collaborate on EL-side metrics specification and implementation",
      "owner": "Katya and Pelle (Reth team)"
    }
  ],
  "decisions": [],
  "targets": [
    {
      "timestamp": "00:29:10",
      "target": "Next FOCIL breakout in 2 weeks (October 7, 2025)"
    }
  ]
}